
       Welcome to Ulead ArtTexture.Plugin 

This ReadMe First document provides basic information about Ulead
ArtTexture.Plugin. If you have any questions about how to use this
product, please refer first to the program's online help. Also, visit
the Ulead ArtTexture.Plugin pages on our Web site
(http://www.webutilities.com) for updates, tips and techniques, special
promotions, free software, and other useful information.


Table of contents

1. System requirements
2. Technical support
3. Providing feedback and suggestions
4. Distribution program


1. System requirements

* Windows 95 or Windows NT 4.0 or higher
* 486-DX2/DX4 or Pentium-compatible systems
* 8MB RAM (16MB recommended)
* 6MB available hard drive space for program files
* Windows-compatible pointing device
* True Color or HiColor display adapter and monitor (recommended)
* An Adobe Photoshop 32-bit Effect and Import plug-in compatible image
  editor is required to run Ulead ArtTexture.Plugin. Please visit our
  Web site for more information about which image editors work with
  Ulead ArtTexture.Plugin.


2. Technical support

Technical support for the purchased retail Full version is available via
our Web site (http://www.webutilities.com), email (support@ulead.com.tw),
fax, or through our support centers around the world. Be sure to have
your Ulead ArtTexture.Plugin Technical Support ID (displayed in the
program's About box) ready or include it in your email or fax.


3. Providing feedback and suggestions

Your comments and suggestions to improve our software are most welcome.
Please send them to webutilities@ulead.com.tw. Thank you for your time
and support.


4. Distribution program

If you would like to distribute Ulead ArtTexture.Plugin or other Ulead
Web Utility products, please contact WUsales@ulead.com.tw.


Copyright 1998, Ulead Systems, Inc.

All rights reserved. Ulead is a registered trademark of Ulead Systems.
Some of the product names used are trademarks or registered trademarks
of their respective holders and are used for identification purposes
only.
